1290162909
AddEmailUniqueness	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117050351_add_email_uniqueness.rb	class AddEmailUniqueness 
AddPasswordToUsers	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117080437_add_password_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordToUsers 
AddSaltToUsers	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117103617_add_salt_to_users.rb	class AddSaltToUsers 
Application	/media/vboxshared/pdb/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateProjects	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101118120030_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
CreateUsers	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117044446_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
PagesController	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
Pdb	/media/vboxshared/pdb/config/application.rb	module Pdb
Project	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectsController	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsHelper	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
ProjectsTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/unit/projects_test.rb	class ProjectsTest 
SessionsController	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsControllerTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	class SessionsControllerTest 
SessionsHelper	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
SessionsHelperTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/unit/helpers/sessions_helper_test.rb	class SessionsHelperTest 
TestCase	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
authenticate	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def authenticate
authenticate	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def authenticate
authenticate_with_salt	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def authenticate_with_salt
contact	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb		def contact
correct_project_user	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  	def correct_project_user
correct_user	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	      def correct_user
correct_user	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  	def correct_user
create	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def create
create	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_project_user?	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def current_project_user?
current_user	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def current_user
current_user	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def current_user
deny_access	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def deny_access
destroy	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def destroy
destroy	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117044446_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117050351_add_email_uniqueness.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117080437_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117103617_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101118120030_create_projects.rb	  def self.down
edit	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def edit
edit	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def encrypt
encrypt_password	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def encrypt_password
has_password?	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	    def has_password?
home	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb		def home
make_salt	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def make_salt
new	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def new
new	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb		def new
new	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	    attr_accessor       :password
redirect_to_page_trying	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def redirect_to_page_trying
remember_token	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	        def remember_token
secure_hash	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/models/user.rb	      def secure_hash
show	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def show
show	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def sign_in
sign_out	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def sign_out
signed_in?	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def signed_in?
test_homepage	/media/vboxshared/pdb/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/application_helper.rb		def title
up	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117044446_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117050351_add_email_uniqueness.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117080437_add_password_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101117103617_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/vboxshared/pdb/db/migrate/20101118120030_create_projects.rb	  def self.up
update	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	    def update
update	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_from_remember_token	/media/vboxshared/pdb/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	        def user_from_remember_token
